When the painter felt the ladder beginning to slip he grabbed the gutter to save himself from falling.
The snow kept falling and the workmen grew tired of trying to keep the roads clear.
He offered to lend me the money. I didn't like taking it but I had no alternative.
- What was in the letter? - I don't know. I didn't like to open it as it wasn't addressed to me.
- Do you remember reading about it? - No, at that time I was too young to read newspapers.
- Did you remember to book seats for the theatre tomorrow? - Yes, I have the tickets here.
Try to avoid being late. He hates to be kept waiting.
I didn't know how to get to your house so I stopped to ask the way.
I wish my refrigerator would stop making that horrible noise. You can't hear anyone speaking.
This book tells you how to win at games without actually cheating.
The gunman began to fire. He felt a bullet graze his cheek.
He heard the clock strike six and knew that it was time for him to get up.
I can hear the bell ringing but nobody seems to be coming to open the door.
- Did you advise him to go to the police? - No, I didn't like giving any advice on such a difficult matter.
He wanted to put my chameleon on a tartan rug and watch it change colour.
It is easy to see animals on the road in daylight but sometimes at night it is very difficult to avoid hitting them.
- The fire seems to be out. - It can't be quite out. I can hear the wood crackle.
I caught him climbing over my wall. I asked him to explain but he refused to say anything, so in the end I had to let him go.
When at last I succeeded in convincing him that I wanted to get home quickly he put his foot on the accelerator and I felt the car leap forward.
- I'm not used to driving on the left. - When you see everyone else do it you'll find it quite easy to do yourself.
It is pleasant to sit by the fire at night and hear the wind howling outside.
There was no way of getting out of the building except by climbing down a rope and Ann was too terrified to do this.
We heard the engines roar as the plane began to move and we saw the people on the ground waving good-bye.
It's no good writing to him; he never answers letters. The only thing to do is go and see him.
- Why did you go all round the field instead of walking across it? - I didn't like to cross it because of the bull. I never see a bull without thinking that it wants to chase me.
The people in the flat below seem to be having a party. You can hear the champagne corks thud against their ceiling.
I don't like getting bills but when I do get them I like to pay them promptly.
Ask him to come in. Don't keep him standing at the door.
The boys next door used to like making and flying model aeroplanes, but they seem to have stopped doing that now.
I knew I wasn't the first to arrive, for I saw smoke rising from the chimney.
We watched the men saw the tree and as we were walking away heard it fall with a tremendous crash.
I hate to see a child cry.
We watched the children jump from a window and fall into a blanket held by the people below.
It is very unpleasant to wake up and hear the rain beating on the windows.
He saw the lorry begin rolling forwards but he was too far away to do anything to stop it.
There are people who can't help laughing when they see someone slipping on a banana skin.
