I wanted to buy a newspaper, but didn't see anyone selling any.
— Did you remember to lock the door? — I forgot. I'm coming back to lock it.
He's talking about quitting the job and moving to the country.
The speaker began with telling us about the island location and continued with describing its history.
— I can't start the car in the morning. — Have you tried pouring hot water into the radiator?
I've got the bread but I need a knife to slice it.
You need to cut your hair and you'd better do it tomorrow.
We stopped for gas and then once again — to ask for directions.
— I don't mind going by bus, but I hate standing. — Me too, but I don't like paying for a taxi.
There's no point in coming an hour in advance. If we do, we'll just have to wait for an hour.
If you agree to work for me, I'll take care of your work permit.
He always tried not to make noise, but they always heard him going up that old wooden stairs.
They allow bicycle parking here, but they don't let us park our cars.
Mr. Shaw is too busy to take anyone today. You'd better come tomorrow.
— Children, would you mind keeping silence for a minute. — Children can't help being boisterous.
My grandpa and I would sometimes wake up at dawn and go fishing.
I regret doing so. I'll try not to do this again.
Everyone loves being admired, but very few love being laughed at.
— Why are you answering letters right now? — You should be conducting personnel training.
The teacher has forgotten giving us the same test a week ago.

Having crisscrossed the country, he settled in a village.
VP suggested that we shouldn't be too hard on those who were running late.
Being too inquisitive won't make everyone like you.
Having grown up, he ceased making hasty decisions and started consulting his colleagues.
Lo and behold: it's a sunny day and you're sitting beside a river watching the water flow.
I'm beginning to realize the assertion was too risky.
Did he actually have the impudence to suggest that you clean his apartment after his bachelor party?
He looked me up and down before condescending to answer my question.
I saw him put a big oblong thing into the bag.
I gave her untold happiness by mentioning her role in the project.
